##Explain five different types of testing

####Black box testing 
Black Box Testing, also known as Behavioral Testing, is a software testing method in which the internal structure/ design/ implementation of the item being tested is not known to the tester.

This method attempts to find errors in the following categories:
* Incorrect or missing functions
* Interface errors
* Errors in data structures or external database access
* Behavior or performance errors
* Initialization and termination errors

####White Box Testing
White Box Testing is a testing method in which the internal structure/ design/ implementation of the item being tested is known to the tester. The tester chooses inputs to  determines the appropriate outputs. 
Used with:
* Unit Testing: For testing paths within a unit.
* Integration Testing: For testing paths between units.
* System Testing: For testing paths between subsystems.

####Grey Box Testing
 Grey Box Testing is a combination of Black Box Testing method and White Box Testing method.In Gray Box Testing, the internal structure is partially known. This involves having access to internal data structures and algorithms for purposes of designing the test cases, but testing at the user, or black-box level.
 * Used for integration tests
 
 ####Agile Testing
 A method of software testing that follows the principles of agile software development.
 
 ####Ad Hoc Testing
 Ad hoc Testing, is a method of software testing without any planning and documentation. The tests are conducted informally and randomly without any formal expected results.
