##What are access modifiers and define its types?

Access Modifiers is the way of specifying the accessibility of a class and its members with respective to other classes and members.

Access Modifiers are used at 2 access levels in Java. They are:
* Top-level for Classes & Interfaces
* Member-level for Classes & Interfaces
Top Level Classes and interfaces there is:

* Public:  If top level class or interface within a package is declared as Public, then it is accessible both inside and outside of the package.
* Default: If no access modifier is specified in the declaration of the top level class or interface, then it is accessible only within package level. It is not accessible in other packages or sub packages.

Accessibility Modifiers for Members:
* public Members: If members are declared as public inside a class then such members are accessible to the classes which are inside and outside of the package where this class is visible. This is the least restrictive of all the accessibility modifiers.

* protected Members:If members are declared as protected then these are accessible to all classes in the package and to all subclasses of its class in any package where this class is visible.

* Default Members: When no accessibility modifier is specified for the member then implicitly it is declared as Default. These are accessible only to the other classes in the class’s package.

* private Members:This is the most restrictive of all accessibility modifiers. These members are accessible only with in the same class. These are not accessible from any other class within a class’s package also.
